docs(api): explain --config-name usage (#4411)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/api/cli.md

npx webpack --config example.config.js
```

> In case your configuration file exports multiple configurations you can use `--config-name` to specify the name of configuration to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case your configuration file exports multiple configurations, you can use `--config-name` to specify which configuration to run.
```

> In case your configuration file exports multiple configurations you can use `--config-name` to specify the [name](configuration/other-options/) of configuration to use.

Author: ```suggestion
In case your configuration file exports multiple configurations you can use `--config-name` to specify the name of configuration to use.
```

> In case your configuration file exports multiple configurations you can use `--config-name` to specify the [name](configuration/other-options/#name) of configuration to use.

Author: ```suggestion
In case your configuration file exports multiple configurations you can use `--config-name` to specify the [name](configuration/other-options/) of configuration to use.
```

Consider the following `webpack.config.js`:

```js
module.exports = [
  {
    output: {
      filename: './dist-first.js',
    },
    name: 'first',
    entry: './src/first.js',
    mode: 'development',
  },
  {
    output: {
      filename: './dist-second.js',
    },
    name: 'second',
    entry: './src/second.js',
    mode: 'development',
  },
  {
    output: {
      filename: './dist-third.js',
    },
    name: 'third',
    entry: './src/third.js',
    mode: 'none',
    stats: 'verbose',
  },
];
```

> To run webpack with only using the `second` config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run only the `second` configuration:
```

```bash
npx webpack --config-name second
```

You can also pass multiple values:

```bash

> npx webpack-cli --config-name first --config-name second

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npx webpack --config-name first --config-name second
```
